   ;o.    o     o     (o)    o      o    , o
    |'   `|,  `-(-'    (    '|-'   (|,    >(
   < \   < \   < \    < \   ' >    < \    / >


One thing the ajax animator's pretty bad at is stick figures. 
Sure it's not impossible, but it can't really compare with the 
ol-fashioned frame-by-frame joint-manipulation likeness of 
Pivot. It's called stick2 because the original experiment 
with stickfigures was named stick.html, and when I went to 
extend it and didn't feel like setting up a git/svn repo, 
I copied the file and named it stick2.html, and with no good 
project-naming skills, it stayed that way.

Anyway, this was a project that got pretty close to the current state
in early march, but I never bothered to blog about it until now. 
It should work pretty not-bad on an iPad J(except the color picker), 
though honestly, I've never tried it.

The interface is pure jQuery/html/css. The graphics are done with 
Raphael, but the player actually uses <canvas> for no particular reason. 

Basically, it's organized into two panels, the left-side figures-box 
and the bottom timeline. The figures-box contains figures (amazing!) 
and clicking on them adds them to your canvas. The two defaults are 
the pivot-style stickman, and something called "blank" which is a 
root node with no additional nodes. Though it shows up as a orange 
dot, unless you add something to it, it doesn't have any actual 
look when viewed in the player.

On top is the context-sensitive buttons. Well the buttons in my 
screenshot aren't context sensitive, they're permanent. But when 
you click on a node, a new set of buttons (and words too!) appears. 
One is a line and the other is a circle. Click them to add a new 
segment or circle to the currently selected node. Then are 
various settings for the current segment (each node other than 
the root one is associated with a segment). Clicking those allows 
you to modify them. Also, a red X appears on the right, and that 
basically means remove the node and the child nodes.

So, now you have some extra nodes, how do you change them? 
Simply hold it down and drag, and the the segments move as well. 
But note that the length of the segment doesn't change as you move 
it. That's because by default, it locks the length of the segments. 
There are two ways to get around it. The first is to hold shift while 
dragging. The second is to tap the little lock icon on the top left.

On the bottom, is the timeline with live-previews of your frames 
with a semitransparent gray backdrop of numbers. Switch between 
each one by clicking on them and add one at the end by hitting the 
green "Add new frame" button.

On the canvas, there are two yellow squares, those allow you to 
resize the canvas.

On the very left of the top toolbar, is the play button. Hit it 
and the figures toolbox minimizes and it plays out your animation. 
Click it again to get back. Then is a little upload button. Hit 
it and then a little box pops up with a link to where you can 
find your animation in a way that you can share and to edit (not 
actually edit, but more like fork, as each save is given a unique id). 
Next is the download button which you hit, and get prompted by a 
big prompt-box which you use to paste in the ID of the animation 
you (or someone else) has saved, so you can edit it. Most of the 
time that's useless as when you send a link with the player, it 
has a button which says "Edit".
